---
title: Mackenzie Update - 2024-Nov-18 at 05:35 PM
date: 2024-11-18T18:33:55-05:00
tags:
location: Mercy CR IRU - Cedar Rapids, IA
---

This is mostly a way-finding update for anyone who might be coming this way to visit.  From memory...

Two things to keep in mind, in Cedar Rapids avenues run east and west while streets run north and south. It's entirely possible to end up at the corner of eighth and eighth, which is very near the hospital.  The intersection of Eighth Avenue and 10th St., which is very close to,
the parking ramp at the hospital, is closed. Do not go there. You have to approach the hospital from the north on 10th St. in order to get into the ramp.

Also note that Mackenzie is scheduled for intensive therapy from roughly 6:30 AM until 4 PM each day. Because of that it's recommended that visitors come after 4 PM.

Assuming you are northbound on I-380 from US 30, or points south:

1) Exit 19A east onto Diagonal Drive SW
2) Follow that and merge onto Eighth Ave SE
3) Proceed to 7th St SE and turn left (north)
4) Continue to 5th Ave SE and turn right (east)
5) Proceed to 10th St SE and turn right (south) where you will have to go around the Road Closed barricade
6) Enter the parking area/ramp on your right just before the construction closure
7) Park in the ramp and walk outdoors to the 10th Street Hospital Entrance
8) At the main desk turn to your right to Elevator B
9) Come up to the 7th floor
10) As you get off the elevators head into the hallway on the right in front of you
11) Room 71-19 is a few doors down the hall on the right, and the wall around the door is light green 


